1. Display the "Sign Up" form
2. let the user to enter the following information:
   a. Username
   b. Password
   c. confirm password
   d.email
3. Validate the user input:
   a. Check if all required fields are filled (Username, Password, Email).
   b. Check if the Password and Confirm Password fields match.
   c. Validate the email address format.
4. If validation fails, display error messages and return to step 1.
5. If validation succeeds, continue to the next step.
6. Process the sign-up data:
   a. Store the user's information in a database (username, password,email).
   b. Optionally, hash the password for security.
   c. Generate a unique user ID.
7. Display a success message to the user.
8. Optionally, send a confirmation email to the user.
9. Redirect the user to the login page or allow them to log in directly.



feature (log in)

Begin:
Initi password and usernm variables
Initi maxAttempts to a predefined value (e.g., 3)
Initi attempts to 0

WHILE attempts < maxAttempts DO
   DISPLAY "Enter ur username: "
   input usernm

   DISPLAY "Enter your passwrd:"
   input passwrd

   IF usernm is valid AND passwrd is valid THEN
   DISPLAY "Login successful"
   BREAK
   ELSE
   DISPLAY "Login failed. Please try again."
   INCREMENT attempts
   END IF
END WHILE

   IF attempts >= maxAttempts THEN
   DISPLAY "max login attempts reached. Account locked."
   END IF
END


feature(lectures)
//we use HTML Javascript and CSS to make this code

HTML:
1. Create an HTML file with a `<select>` element to choose a video and a `<video>` element to play it.
2. Add an event listener to the `<select>` element to detect when the user selects a video.

JavaScript:
3. Create an array of video links and choose the number of videosto `<select>` element with options based on the video link.
4. When the user selects a video from the `<select>` element, get the selected video link.
5. Set the `<video>` element's `src` attribute to the selected video link.
6. Play the video using the `play()` method when the user clicks a "Play" button or automatically.

Pseudocode:
7. Create an array `videoSources` to store the video sources.
8. Populate the `<select>` element with options based on the `videoSources` array.

// Event listener for when the user selects a video
9. Add an event listener to the `<select>` element:
    10.1. On change event:
        10.1.1. Get the selected video source.
        10.1.2. Set the `src` attribute of the `<video>` element to the selected source.
        10.1.3. Play the video (optional).

HTML:
10. Create a "Play" button that allows the user to manually start the video.
11. Create a styled user interface for a visually appealing video player.

JavaScript:
// Event listener for the "Play" button (optional)
12. Add an event listener to the "Play" button (if using one):
    13.1. On click event:
        13.1.1. Play the video using the `play()` method of the `<video>` element.

CSS:
13. Style the page, the `<select>`, and the `<video>` element to provide a pleasant user experience.



feature(Exams)

1. Create a new app page for the quiz.

2. Initialize variables to keep track of the user's score and selected answers.

3. Define an array to store the quiz questions and answer choices.

4. Populate the app with questions and answer choices from the array.

5. Display the first question and its answer choices.

6. Allow the user to select an answer for the current question.

7. When the user selects an answer, store their selection in the "selectedAnswer" variable.

8. When the user clicks the "Next" button, check if all questions have been answered.

9. If there are more questions, move to the next question, display it along with answer choices, and store the selected answer.

10. Repeat steps 6-9 for each question in the quiz.

11. After all questions have been answered, calculate the user's score by comparing their selected answers to the correct answers.

12. Display the user's score to the user.

13. Provide a way for the user to restart or exit the quiz.

14. Style the app to make it visually appealing and user-friendly.



feature(settings)


-----------after settings update------------

1. Create a new app page for "Settings."

2. Display the user's profile information and various account management options.

3. Provide the following options:
   3.1. "Delete Account"
   3.2. "Sign Out"
   3.3. "Change Email"
   3.4. "Change Password"
   3.5. "Change Name"

4. If the user selects "Delete Account," show a confirmation dialog.

5. If the user confirms the account deletion:
   5.1. Prompt the user to enter their password for verification.
   5.2. Verify the password against the stored password.
   5.3. If the password is correct, delete the user's account.
   5.4. Display a confirmation message and log the user out.

6. If the user selects "Sign Out," show a confirmation dialog.

7. If the user confirms signing out:
   7.1. Clear the user's session or token to log them out.
   7.2. Display a confirmation message.

8. If the user selects "Change Email," provide a form to enter the new email.

9. If the user confirms the email change:
   9.1. Verify the new email for validity.
   9.2. Update the user's email in the database.
   9.3. Display a confirmation message.

10. If the user selects "Change Password," provide a form to enter the new password.

11. If the user confirms the password change:
    11.1. Verify the current password for correctness.
    11.2. Update the user's password in the database.
    11.3. Display a confirmation message.

12. If the user selects "Change Name," provide a form to enter the new name.

13. If the user confirms the name change:
    13.1. Update the user's name in the database.
    13.2. Display a confirmation message.

14. Allow the user to return to the app's main page or navigate to other settings.

15. Style the "Settings" page to make it visually appealing and user-friendly.



feature(home page and course page)

1. Create a new app page for course selection.

2. Display a list of available courses to choose from.

3. Provide the following options:
   3.1. "Java 1"
   3.2. "Java 2"
   3.3. "Data Structures"

4. Allow the user to select one course from the list.

5. When the user selects a course, store their selection in a variable, such as "selectedCourse."

6. Display a confirmation message with the chosen course, such as "You have selected: [selectedCourse]."

7. Provide the user with the option to continue to the course content or return to the app's main page.

8. Style the course selection page to make it visually appealing and user-friendly.



Multipupose strap

1. Create a new app strap at the bottom of each main page in the App.

2. Display the main navigation menu with the following options:
   2.1. "Go to Home Page"
   2.2. "Go to Course Page"
   2.3. "Go to Profile Page"

3. Allow the user to select one of the navigation options.

4. When the user selects an option, determine which page to navigate to based on their choice.

5. If the user chooses "Go to Home Page":
   5.1. Redirect the user to the home page of the app.

6. If the user chooses "Go to Course Page":
   6.1. Redirect the user to the course page of the app.

7. If the user chooses "Go to Profile Page":
   7.1. Redirect the user to the profile page of the app.

8. Style the app interface to make it visually appealing and user-friendly.

9. Implement additional features and content for the home page, course page, and profile page as needed.



feature(Games)

1. Create a new app page for coding games.

2. Display a list of the available coding games to choose from:
   2.1. "Correct the Code"
   2.2. "Which Line?"
   2.3. "Code with Us"

3. Allow the user to select one of the coding games.

4. Determine which game the user selected.

5. If the user chooses "Correct the Code":
   5.1. Present the user with a piece of code that contains an error.
   5.2. Instruct the user to identify and correct the error.
   5.3. Check the user's answer for correctness.
   5.4. Provide feedback on whether the answer is correct.

6. If the user chooses "Which Line?":
   6.1. Display a code snippet.
   6.2. Ask the user to type the number of a specific line in the code.
   6.3. Check the user's answer for correctness.
   6.4. Provide feedback on whether the answer is correct.

7. If the user chooses "Code with Us":
   7.1. Present the user with an empty code editor.
   7.2. Provide a task or challenge that the user needs to solve by writing code.
   7.3. Allow the user to write and run their code.
   7.4. Check the user's code for correctness.
   7.5. Provide feedback on whether the code is correct and functional.

8. After completing a game, offer the option to play another game or return to the main app page.

9. Style the coding games interface to make it visually appealing and user-friendly.

10. Implement additional features, levels, and challenges for each game as needed.


Assignemnt Feature {

Method Admin_Create_Assignment
    Input: Admin ID, Course ID, Assignment Details
    Output: Confirmation message and status (success or failure)

    Begin
        If Admin ID and Course ID exist Then
            Save the new assignment details in the database associated with the Course ID
            Return "Assignment created successfully"
        Else
            Return "Admin ID or Course ID does not exist"
        End If
    End


Method View_Assignment
    Input: Student ID, Course ID
    Output: Display of assignment details or an error message

    Begin
        If both Student ID and Course ID exist Then
            If the student is enrolled in the course Then
                Retrieve and display the list of assignments associated with the Course ID from the database
            Else
                Return "Student is not enrolled in the course"
            End If
        Else
            Return "Student ID or Course ID does not exist"
        End If
    End


Method Submit_Assignment
    Input: Student ID, Course ID, Assignment ID, Submission data
    Output: Confirmation message and status (success or failure)

    Begin
        If Student ID, Course ID, and Assignment ID exist and the student is enrolled in the Course Then
            If Submission data is in the correct format Then
                Save the student's submission data for the assignment in the database
                Return "Assignment submitted successfully"
            Else
                Return "Invalid data format for submission"
            End If
        Else
            Return "Student ID, Course ID, or Assignment ID does not exist, or Student is not enrolled in the course"
        End If
    End


Method Student_Check_Score
    Input: Student ID, Course ID, Assignment ID
    Output: Score or an error message

    Begin
        If Student ID, Course ID, and Assignment ID exist and the student is enrolled in the Course Then
            Retrieve the student's score for the assignment from the database
            Return "You received [Score] for this assignment"
        Else
            Return "Student ID, Course ID, or Assignment ID does not exist, or Student is not enrolled in the course"
        End If
    End

}


Book Feature {
Method Access_Books_Page
    Input: Student ID, Course ID
    Output: Display of books related to the course or an error message

    Begin
        If both Student ID and Course ID exist Then
            If the student is enrolled in the course Then
                Retrieve and display the list of books associated with the Course ID from the database
            Else
                Return "Student is not enrolled in the course"
            End If
        Else
            Return "Student ID or Course ID does not exist"
        End If
    End
}
